openthread-br: locate the RCP dongle through otbr-rcp (#30276)
openwrt/packages: net/openthread-br/README.md

        option device 'wpan0'
        option proto 'openthread'
        option backbone_network 'lan'
        option rcp '2-1'
        option uart_baudrate '460800'
        list prefix 'fd6f:5772:5468:7200::/64 paros'
        option verbose '0'
```

Only backbone_network and device are required, plus a radio named through
either rcp or radio_url; the protocol handler fails the interface if one of

> them is missing, or if backbone_network names an interface that has no

Reviewer: The handler does not fail when both `rcp` and `radio_url` are missing. `MISSING_RADIO_URL` was removed, and with `rcp` unset the setup path falls into the `*)` case and calls `otbr-rcp "${rcp:-any}"`, i.e. it auto-discovers. The only failure left is `RCP_NOT_FOUND` when discovery turns up nothing — which is also why the `any` row of the table below is labelled "the default".

```suggestion
Only backbone_network and device are required. A radio need not be named at
all: with neither rcp nor radio_url set the handler behaves as if `rcp 'any'`
were given and auto-discovers a dongle, failing the interface with
RCP_NOT_FOUND only when none is found. It also fails if backbone_network names
an interface that has no
```

---
_Generated by [Claude Code](https://claude.ai/code)_

The radio is named with the `rcp` option rather than a full radio URL. It takes
one of three forms:

| value | meaning |
| --- | --- |
| `/dev/ttyACM0` | a fixed serial device; no discovery is done |
| `2-1` | a USB bus position, resolved to whatever serial device it currently exposes |
| `any` (the default) | pick a dongle automatically |

`uart_baudrate` and `uart_flow_control` are appended to the resulting URL, and
the port is always opened exclusively. Setting `radio_url` directly still works
and overrides all of this.

Prefer a bus position to `any` unless the dongle advertises itself. Unattended
selection only accepts a device whose USB product string contains the word
"OpenThread", which many dongles — the Home Assistant Connect ZBT-2 among them
— do not. Naming the bus position is the operator saying "this one is the RCP",
so no product string is needed. `ls /sys/bus/usb/devices/` shows the positions.

`otbr-rcp` also has a plugin point for installing or updating dongle firmware,
used when `rcp_firmware_update` is set. No handlers ship with this package, so
nothing is flashed unless you add one. If something isn't working, check ifstatus for the OpenThread

> interface:

Reviewer: nit: the pre-existing "If something isn't working, check ifstatus…" sentence got absorbed into the new firmware-handler paragraph, which also leaves this line much longer than the surrounding wrap. It introduces the `ifup`/`ifstatus` block that follows, so it wants its own paragraph.

```suggestion
nothing is flashed unless you add one.

If something isn't working, check ifstatus for the OpenThread
interface:
```

---
_Generated by [Claude Code](https://claude.ai/code)_
